Explain (in your own words) the difference between software development following the cathedral model and software development following the bazaar model; which of the two environments do you personally prefer.

Cathedral model --> Carefully built software. No room for bugs, not even a beta release. A small, strong team of developers working cautiously. Slow and steady progress.

Bazaar model --> Rapid, hectic progress. A general central authority delegates work to anyone "to the point of promiscuity".

The Cathedral and The Bazaar essay has 19 “lessons”. Pick two of these that you find to be the most intriguing, interesting, telling, or ones that you simply liked. Quote them in your blog and try to explain what they’re supposed to mean.

2. Good programmers know what to write. Great ones know what to rewrite (and reuse).

(P.S. I'm not just picking an early one, I actually like this one a lot)
I personally struggle with this. I often find myself tempted to rewrite code because for some reason I don't trust my former self. I think it's actually harder to take older code and adapt it to new needs, but from my experience it is a LOT faster than reinventing the wheel. But this extends past reusing my own code. I have the same tendencies with bringing in third-party libraries into projects I am working on. To some extent this is good, but this lack of trust has probably been more detrimental than beneficial. It's also partially because reading & understanding someone else's work can be boring and is a skill I'm currently actively working to improve.

12. Often, the most striking and innovative solutions come from realizing that your concept of the problem was wrong.

This one is a BIG one for me. Problem solving is fun, but we've all been down a rabbit hole at some point. Some of my most embarrassing moments have come from me asking for a second set of eyes on a problem and being asked "why not do it this way" and realizing I had taken a totally wrong approach to begin with. These moments have been major learning experiences for me - sometimes my approach just isn't the best one, and if I find myself writing overly-clever code I know I need a second set of eyes, or at LEAST to take a step back.

Comment on the discussion of free vs. open, in what way are the similar and how are they different?

Free --> People can read it, run it, modify it, and redistribute it. The focus here is that the usage is free, not the price of the software.

Open --> Again, people can read it, run it, modify it, and redistribute it, but the focus here is to make software that is powerful, reliable due to the number of eyes. Essentially, reaping of the benefits of free software, with disregard for its values.

Blog about your personal progress towards the team project: what have you done, what did you learn, what are the tasks that you will be working on next week

I have commented multiple times on different issues, trying to find the correct issue. This weekend we were told that the issue we wanted to take is actually being worked on, which is unfortunate. In response I wrote another comment @mentioning a maintainer who I assume was put in charge of an issue with many sub-issues. In the comment I asked the maintainer if they could direct me to an issue that is open or an issue that needs help.
