Blog about at least two of the three lessons from The Cathedral and the Bazaar essay.

"Perfection (in design) is achieved not when there is nothing more to add, but rather when there is nothing more to take away."

This is addressing the common falacy of software developers. We have the strong desire to build and build thinking that the end is when there is nothing left to build. For those who have seen a project reach this point, they realize that there is still more. Revisions must be made, code must be rewritten, and old legacy code must be discarded. I have no clue why this analogy comes to mind, but I think of it as trimming the fat. Removing the excess until there is only the portions of software that are necessary and give real value to the project as a whole.

"Often, the most striking and innovative solutions come from realizing that your concept of the problem was wrong."

A million times yes. Just this past week, I was working thinking through a solution and NONE of the ideas that came to mind were of real value. I briefly ran the problem by a senior engineer (who also happened to be my brother) and he provided me a solution, not for the problem I was trying to solve, but for the problem that I SHOULD have been trying to solve. There is so much value in taking a step back and wondering if the way you are asking the problem makes sense. Just because you've implemented your solution does not mean your code is good. If your solution addresses the core issue incorrectly, in the wise words of my team lead "Your code is shit."

Talk about one of the lessons from The Cathedral and the Bazaar essay that you liked the most and that resonated with you the most (why is it important to you)

"Plan to throw one away; you will anyhow."

I reeeally like this one. This concept will shape how I write code, not in that I will write code half-hazardously because it will be thrown away at some point, but that I will write code to be easily removed from the project. I also love the "you will anyhow" because it reminds you that there is a high probability that at some point you'll want to either rewrite the code or scrap it entirely! Maybe you're just tidying up old code, or perhaps the vision for the project is taking a new direction entirely and you are trimming the fat. If your code is monolithic this would be very difficult. You'd have to rewrite the core architecture of your app to adjust for the changes you'd like to make. But if the app is modular, then the extraction process will be much easier. You will also have more freedom to make these kinds of decisions because you won't be afraid of having to rewrite your app architecture every time you want to scrap some garbage code you wrote.

Blog about your personal progress towards the team project: what have you done, what did you learn, what are the tasks that you will be working on next week.

This week we got assigned to an issue. Although we were all involved in choosing the issue, I took the initiative to write and inquire about the availability of different issues. For our issue, we learned that each react native component is written three times - in java for android, javascript for nodejs, and objective-c for ios. I worked in class on Wednesday with Vivian Fang. While working together, I found two of the folders we needed to move and made two commits moving the two component definitions - android and nodejs. This week we will hopefully have handled the ios migration and then we will be free to begin writing tests, documentation, and handle all of the meta data like package.json, etc.
