Blog about what you found the most interesting and the most surprising in the talk given by Kevin Fleming in class

For me, PowerfulSeal was most interesting and the most surprising. I'm not new to testing but I am new to the kind of testing PowerfulSeal does. It was just interesting to hear about the different ways a server can fail. Two things about PowerfulSeal that I found interesting was how the worst case scenario for a server failure isn't having it go down completely. In reality, there are much worse cases that can result in interactions that are just....weird. I also found it surprising to hear that these issues should be handled at the application level. Also, services like AWS and Heroku do not handle these kinds of issues. So it was kind of like a wake up call to the complications of hosting a large scale web application.

Blog about your personal progress towards the team project: what have you done, what did you learn, what are the tasks that you will be working on next week

I was the one who commented and inquired about differnt issues. I am not the main point of contact with the maintainer of the issue we are working on.
I worked on the project, cloning and moving files, but then got stuck on how a folder was generated. At this point I reached out to the community and asked for help. Within a few days I received a response from the maintainer that pointed me to an earlier comment (there are hundreds) in which someone outlined the move process.
We then scrapped the progress we had made and started over. Since we now have this outline it was easy to get back to where we left off, and we now have a clear path for our project which we will continue to follow in the coming weeks.
