I love the idea of using open source software in projects for social good and with humanitarian goals in mind. I think these kinds of projects can be easy to become a part of because there is such a high demand for HFOSS developers. I would expect involvement in such projects to bring more prestige to the contributor, although I am not convinced that all future employers would give much weight to it. I am open to it, but I am afraid of how time-consuming the work may become.

pick one of the humanitarian/social good projects that were mentioned in the slides, the articles linked, or anywhere else that you look for projects AND perform the project evaluation (following the same template as you did for previous projects)

# Project Evaluation 

Project website:

https://openmrs.org/

What is the purpose of the project:

An open source medical record system platform for developing countries.

How easy was it to find information about contributing on the website?

Very easy.

Contributing instructions:

Proposing a Change:
https://wiki.openmrs.org/display/docs/Tickets

Sending a PR:
https://wiki.openmrs.org/display/docs/Tickets

URL for the code repository:

https://github.com/openmrs/openmrs-core

Bug/Issue tracker link:

https://issues.openmrs.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa

Communication channels:

https://talk.openmrs.org/

---

## Finding info at the project repository and bug/issue tracker.

License:

Mozilla Public License, version 2.0

Programming Language:

Java

Number of contributors:

320


Number of commits:

10,759

Issues

how many open issues are there:

19299

how active is the discussion on the issues:

To my surprise, very active! 19299 tickets but they almost all have comments!

are there issues marked "good for newbies", "beginner" or some other indicators that imply that they are good for beginner contributors:

No

are there issues marked "documentation" or some other indicators that imply that they are documentation (user or developer specific):

No

Pull requests

how many open pull requests are there:

29

do maintainers respond quickly to pull requests when they are opened?

Typically yes



---


## Summary assesment
How friendly is this project for beginner contributors?

Yes

Do the maintainers respond helpfully to questions in issues?

Yes

Are people friendly in the issues, discussion forum, and chat (for example, IRC or Slack)?

Yes

Do pull requests get reviewed?

Yes

Do maintainers thank people for their contributions?

Yes
