---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---


What do YOU think about when you hear the term "open source"?

1. Anyone can use the software.
2. Anyone can view the code.
3. Anyone can contribute to the software.
4. Open source software also gives me the impression that the work being done is either for a hobby or some other cause that is self-motivating - mainly because I typically assume no money involved.

What are some advantages of open vs. closed source?

Open - the more users & contributers, the more ideas and the more bugs / issues that get noticed & fixed.
Closed - prevents bad people from using your code illegally & able to sell the software for a profit.

What are some potential problems with open source?
1. Bad people can use the code illegally.
2. More security vulnerabilities.
3. Managing contributers can be tedious and demotivating.

Why did you decide to register for a class about open source software development?
Honestly, because it fit my schedule.

 list names of four open source projects that you regularly use or that influenced you in some way in the past; give brief descriptions for each, explain why you use it and what the alternatives might be (note, the projects do not have to be source code based) (Keep in mind that these blogs are publicly available to anybody who stumbles upon them. Make sure that the posts are appropriate.

Express - Makes implementing http sane. A quick and easy way to set up endpoints for an API. Alternatives include Hapi and Koa.

GraphQL - Querying a database has never been easier. At first I was nervous about security but yolo. But seriously, this makes interactions between a server & client so easy. Plus the playground is great for making sure all your endpoints are working as expected. The alternative would be Netflix's Falcor.

Socket.IO - Provides a great platform to build real time applications. Never looked into this before but the alternative I found is Prismus.

React - Encapsulated components that can manage their own state? Count me in. Organizes front end code and jsx (although terrifying at first) is much easier to read that const element = document.querySelector('.whatever'); React made front end web dev great again. Biggest competitors for React are Vue and Angular.
